add `on_before_request` to `tauri-plugin-updater` (#2430)
tauri-apps/plugins-workspace: .changes/updater-add-on-before-request.md

---
"updater": minor
"updater-js": minor
---

> Add `configure_client` hook to the updater plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `UpdaterBuilder::configure_client` method on Rust side, to configure rhe `reqwest` client used to check and download the update.
```

> Add `UpdaterBuilder::configure_client` method on Rust side, to configure rhe `reqwest` client used to check and download the update.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add `UpdaterBuilder::configure_client` method on Rust side, to configure the `reqwest` client used to check and download the update.
```
